This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started


To run the project you must have Node installed (some older version of Node is not compatible with some particular package so I suggest to use a recent package such use 16).

When Node is working install modules by running 

```bash
npm install
# or
yarn
```

After that, you can start the webserver by running:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
```

## The webapp:

This is a really basic "shop" website.
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser and then you can Login throught the shop using username and password.
Each user has a certain category and can see a particular shop and its products.
In each shop user can logout or interact with each product can be:

- "Added to Cart": By clicking the button, a `POST` request will be made and the quantity value will decrease. There is no cart and nothing else can be done trought this button.

- "Requested": This will appear only if available quantity is 0. By clicking the button, a `POST` request will be made and the "request" value will increase.

## Admin category

In Admin category, you will find a the whole product list, ordered by category, logout, interact with products or create a new product.

In each existing product admin can:

- "Edit": Edit Name or Description
- "Update quantity": Update avalilable quantitiy
- "Delete": Delete the entire product.

As said before, Admin can also add a product in a category, by clicking the button, he can fullfill and then sumbit the form.
Remember that admin can also chose productId, that cannot be duplicated. (Farily, not the best idea that I've ever had, actually I would use autogenerated ids, but initially I didnt' expect to have that type of interactions).

## Tracking

I've set 2 tracking endpoints:
- "pageViews": When a Shop is visited (not the admin one) a `POST` request is made and updates the value `views` inside the fileSystem.
- "productInteractions": When a user (not admin) clicks on product buttons a `POST` request is made and updates the value `productInteractions` inside the fileSystem.

## Filesystem

For this webapp I've created a `JSON` file that contains shop's data. 

## Users

Here you can find the whole users list:

|       Username     |      Password     |    Category   |
| :---               |       :----:      |          ---: |
|     SportMaster    |       gym1234!    |     Sport     |
| GreatestFootballer |       Best-123    |     Sport     |
|     MrPancake      |       Food_531    |     Food      |
|     WineTaster     |       Red1990     |     Drinks    |
|       admin        |  superuser!2022!  |     Drinks    |

# Conclusions

Thank you very much for your interest, I'm honoured to be part of your selections and really sorry for not being that faster as you aspected or I wanted neither, but I had to finish also my main work tasks always on "crunch-mode".
I usually work on Typescript but for this project I didn't had the time I wanted to setup everything as better as I could/would.

I would appreciate very much your opinion and expecially your critics to improve myself.

##### With regards Mikhael
